Update _index.md (#23167)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/integrations/_index.md

## Requirements
All integrations must include the following:

> * An out-of-the-box Integration Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An out-of-the-box integration dashboard
```

* 3 or more images for your tile

> * OAuth (for API Integrations only)
> * A log pipeline (Log Integrations only)
> * Recommended Monitor (Integrations sending in metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth (for API integrations only)
* A log pipeline (for log integrations only)
* Recommended Monitor (for integrations that sends in metrics)
```
